README.md, before:

# Apps

## Polling application

There's nothing new here. The main reason for making this application would be to create a project that can be both used and worked on at the Boise Frontend meetup.

## Ergodox layout network

The one place where you can share all of your ergodox layouts. Vote for your favorite layouts. Create a configurator.

## Audible list

Have an audio interface for reading off a list.

### Use case 

Could use this for grocery shopping without always being on the phone.

Instead of looking through the list you could just use forward and backward track iPhone controls. (e.g. double tap for next item, triple tap for previous item, quadruple tap for removal).

## Bike theft map

## Compare the repetitiveness of different radio stations

Make a similar service that lists the top posts as tiles

## Diagnose Car Engine from Audio Recording

## Learn to type on smart phone without keyboards

## Spell Tower Solver

## Split time

A real time application that tracks your time against a pre-determined route.  See how much time you have to go for the route.  Think outrun style, race against the clock. Set times for a route, compete against the ghost of another racer.

## Transcode identifier

Probably use some sort of machine learning algorithms to identify if a v0 is a transcode.

# Chrome Extensions

## Boise Library Amazon Link

A chrome extension that shows a link to the corresponding book when you're viewing it on amazon.

## Bug ticket generator

# Websites

## Dressup.com

## Open source recipes

## Open source workout

A social site built on top of a wiki of exercises. Create a workout playlist. Users can vote for and fork workouts.

# Scripts

## Blog logo

Create a color blind logo with my initials in it that uses the force layout.
- http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3231298

Commit message:

Update application ideas with dogezillow

README.md, after:

# Apps

## Zillow for dogs

- notifies you of a breed you're interested in that is within the radius and price range that you set
- ranks breeders based upon the health of their dogs and reviews of customers
- gives breeders a single place to
 - post their dogs for sale
 - show credentials with the akc
 - allows for creation of questionnaires for potential buyers
 - simplify the deposit and purchase process

## Polling application

There's nothing new here. The main reason for making this application would be to create a project that can be both used and worked on at the Boise Frontend meetup.

## Ergodox layout network

The one place where you can share all of your ergodox layouts. Vote for your favorite layouts. Create a configurator.

## Audible list

Have an audio interface for reading off a list.

### Use case 

Could use this for grocery shopping without always being on the phone.

Instead of looking through the list you could just use forward and backward track iPhone controls. (e.g. double tap for next item, triple tap for previous item, quadruple tap for removal).

## Bike theft map

## Compare the repetitiveness of different radio stations

Make a similar service that lists the top posts as tiles

## Diagnose Car Engine from Audio Recording

## Learn to type on smart phone without keyboards

## Spell Tower Solver

## Split time

A real time application that tracks your time against a pre-determined route.  See how much time you have to go for the route.  Think outrun style, race against the clock. Set times for a route, compete against the ghost of another racer.

## Transcode identifier

Probably use some sort of machine learning algorithms to identify if a v0 is a transcode.

# Chrome Extensions

## Boise Library Amazon Link

A chrome extension that shows a link to the corresponding book when you're viewing it on amazon.

## Bug ticket generator

# Websites

## Dressup.com

## Open source recipes

## Open source workout

A social site built on top of a wiki of exercises. Create a workout playlist. Users can vote for and fork workouts.

# Scripts

## Blog logo

Create a color blind logo with my initials in it that uses the force layout.
- http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3231298
